README.md, before:

<p align="center">
    <br>
    <img src="./face-with-monocle.svg" width="150" height="150" />
    <br>
</p>

# Detectors


Package to accelerate research on out-of-distribution (OOD) detection inspired by Huggingface's transformers.

Under development.

## Deployment & Documentation & Stats & License

[![PyPi version](https://badgen.net/pypi/v/pip/)](https://pypi.org/project/pip)

[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/ansicolortags/badge/?version=latest)](http://ansicolortags.readthedocs.io/?badge=latest)

[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Naereen/StrapDown.js.svg?style=social&label=Star&maxAge=2592000)](https://GitHub.com/Naereen/StrapDown.js/stargazers/)


[![GitHub forks](https://badgen.net/github/forks/Naereen/Strapdown.js/)](https://GitHub.com/Naereen/StrapDown.js/network/)

[![PyPI download month](https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/ansicolortags.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/ansicolortags/)

[![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/Naereen/badges.svg)](https://GitHub.com/Naereen/badges/graphs/contributors/)

[![DOI:10.1007/978-3-319-76207-4_15](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.1007/978-3-319-76207-4_15.svg)](https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-319-76207-4_15)

[![PyPi license](https://badgen.net/pypi/license/pip/)](https://pypi.org/project/pip/)

-----

<!--
## Examples

```python
``` -->

## Features

- Datasets with md5 checksums.
- Models pre-trained on CIFAR and integrated in `timm`.
- Pipeline for evaluating OOD detectors on CIFAR and ImageNet benchmarks.
- Multiple seed simulations.
- Diverse aggregation methods for OOD detection.
- Efficient OOD detection metrics.

## Installation

```bash
pip install detectors
```

<!-- ## TODO

- Pipeline for generating results table.

## Contributing

## Citing detectors

```bibtex
``` -->

Commit message:

Update project files (#3)
* change point detection module

* release automation

* debug docs

* change docs workflow

* debug workflow

* debug `python-package.yml`

* debug release action

* update project files

* change list_datasets function

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
    <br>
    <img src="./face-with-monocle.svg" width="150" height="150" />
    <br>
</p>

# Detectors


Package to accelerate research on out-of-distribution (OOD) detection inspired by Huggingface's transformers.

Under development.

## Deployment & Documentation & Stats & License

[![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintained%3F-yes-green.svg)](https://github.com/edadaltocg/detectors/graphs/commit-activity)
[![PyPi version](https://badgen.net/pypi/v/pip/)](https://pypi.org/project/pip)
[![build](https://github.com/edadaltocg/detectors/actions/workflows/python-package.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/edadaltocg/detectors/actions/workflows/python-package.yml)
[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/ansicolortags/badge/?version=latest)](http://ansicolortags.readthedocs.io/?badge=latest)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/edadaltocg/detectors.svg?style=social&label=Star&maxAge=2592000)](https://GitHub.com/edadaltocg/detectors/stargazers/)
[![GitHub forks](https://badgen.net/github/forks/edadaltocg/detectors/)](https://github.com/edadaltocg/detectors/network/)
[![PyPI download month](https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/ansicolortags.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/ansicolortags/)
[![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/Naereen/badges.svg)](https://GitHub.com/Naereen/badges/graphs/contributors/)
[![DOI:10.1007/978-3-319-76207-4_15](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.1007/978-3-319-76207-4_15.svg)](https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-319-76207-4_15)
[![PyPi license](https://badgen.net/pypi/license/pip/)](https://pypi.org/project/pip/)

-----

<!--
## Examples

```python
``` -->

## Features

- Datasets with md5 checksums.
- Models pre-trained on CIFAR and integrated in `timm`.
- Pipeline for evaluating OOD detectors on CIFAR and ImageNet benchmarks.
- Multiple seed simulations.
- Diverse aggregation methods for OOD detection.
- Efficient OOD detection metrics.

## Installation

```bash
pip install detectors
```

## Thanks to all our contributors

<a href="https://github.com/edadaltocg/detectors/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contributors-img.web.app/image?repo=edadaltocg/detectors" />
</a>

### Contact

Concerning this package, its use and bugs, use the [issue page](https://github.com/edadaltocg/detectors/issues) of the [ruptures repository](https://github.com/edadaltocg/detectors). For other inquiries, you can contact me [here](https://edadaltocg.github.io/contact/).


### Important links

- [Documentation]()
- [Pypi package index](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/detectors)

### Changelog

See the [changelog](https://github.com/edadaltocg/detectors/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) for a history of notable changes to `detectors`.

<!-- ## TODO

- Pipeline for generating results table.

## Contributing

## Citing detectors

```bibtex
``` -->
